Job summary:
Swapster is a corporate venture backed by Deutsche Borse AG and built in close collaboration with Deloitte Digital Ventures. Together we will launch the first global, neutral, and regulated market for virtual in-game items as a service for publishers and gamers. The new marketplace will be operational later this year.
Swapster, our independent, standardized and transparent global trading platform allows gamers to legally and safely trade in-game items and currencies so they can put value behind their passion. For publishers and game studios we offer full exchange market capabilities and additional gamer insights. Incorporating both, gamers and publishers, this leads to an enhanced gamer experience. The new marketplace will be operational later this year.
Turn your ideas into reality and work alongside with international top finance experts, online professionals and top IT experts. We are all heavy online gamers!
We want YOU as our Web Developer!

Responsibilities:
You are responsible for the implementing and maintaining highly scalable application.
You work in a small team of specialists who bootstrap our new Swapster platform.
You work in a team environment, coordinate internal and external designers and match requirements with business/product development and product roadmap.
You implement and enhance the application module, integrate code with the front-end development team.
You take responsibility to ensure successful results.
You stay on top of current industry trends.
Requirements:
You bring 2+ years of work experience within the field of web development.
Good knowledge of web development technologies HTML/HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript,
jQuery, AJAX.
Experience in building enterprise highly efficient applications using PHP, Nodejs Nice to have.
Experience in developing and consuming Web Services and RESTful API(s).
Prior experience with source control tools such as Git, SVN, CVS Good to have.
Experience in managing Apache application server with Nginx.
Experience with relational database.
Experience with load and performance testing tools.
Prior experience with application server monitoring tools.
Very good communication skills, high proficiency in English and German.
You are currently located in Europe (EU).
Disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance.
Ability to work and communicate in a fast paced start-up environment.
Entrepreneurial drive to create successful products.
Our applicants are usually in the top of their academic or professional peer group.